README.md, before:

## Introduction

`browsertrix-api-client` is a Java API client for [Browsertrix Cloud](https://github.com/webrecorder/browsertrix-cloud). The client supports authentication and provides an easy way to access its various services and endpoints.

## Usage

To set up an API connection to Browsertrix Cloud, simply instantiate the client and connect to the server:

```java
BrowsertrixClient client = new BrowsertrixClient(URL, PORT, USERNAME, PASSWORD);
client.connect();
```

In order to use the various features of the Browsertrix API, the client exposes a number of services. For instance, to get a list of archives, simply call:

```java
ArchiveListResponse response = client.getArchiveService().listArchives();
System.out.println(response.toString());
```

This results in:

```yaml
ArchiveListResponse [
Archive [id=b5fef53a-fbf2-40ed-8b5f-3e27e1608ef7, name=John Smith's Archive] 
Archive [id=6a76fd7a-677b-4da9-8bdd-005b79cdc265, name=Jane Doe's Archive] 
]
```

If you already have the IDs, you can make more specific queries. For instance, to get the crawl config with ID `e7849083-cb84-495c-a4dc-e8489cf8fe96` from the archive with ID `b5fef53a-fbf2-40ed-8b5f-3e27e1608ef7`, you simply call:

```java
CrawlConfig response = client.getCrawlService().getCrawlConfigById("b5fef53a-fbf2-40ed-8b5f-3e27e1608ef7", "e7849083-cb84-495c-a4dc-e8489cf8fe96");
System.out.println(response.toString());
```

This results in:

```yaml
CrawlConfig [
id=e7849083-cb84-495c-a4dc-e8489cf8fe96, 
aid=b5fef53a-fbf2-40ed-8b5f-3e27e1608ef7, 
name=MyConfig,
lastCrawlState=complete, 
lastCrawlTime=2022-08-16T06:43:43, ...
]
```

### Authentication
Once the connection to the server has been established and the user logged in using the given credentials, `browsertrix-api-client` will take care of authenticating each request in a transparent manner (using the authentication token received from the server). If an API session is timed out, the client will automatically re-establish the connection so you can keep on using the same `BrowsertrixClient` as long as you like.

### Filtering
While the Browsertrix Cloud API does not support filtered requests for the moment, `browsertrix-api-client` is able to filter lists returned by the API on the client side. An example is shown below, for filtering all crawls within a given collection that are completed successfully since 30 days ago:

```java
CrawlFilter filter = new CrawlFilter();
filter.setCrawlState(CrawlState.COMPLETE);
filter.setFinishedAfter(Instant.now().getEpochSecond() - 24*60*60*30); // i.e., 30 days ago, in seconds
System.out.println(client.getCrawlService().listCrawlsByArchiveId(id, filter)); 
```

Two types of filters exist:
  * `CrawlFilter`: filters crawls,
  * `CrawlConfigFilter`: filters crawl configurations (templates).


## List of API services

Currently `browsertrix-api-client` supports the following services:
 * `AuthenticationService` : for everything related to authentication, login, and user self identification,
 * `ArchiveService` : requests related to archives (collections of crawls),
 * `BrowserProfileService` : special browser configurations used within the context of crawl configs,
 * `CrawlService` : everything about crawls and crawl configs.
 
## Examples

You can find examples for every supported API call in the `src/test/java/AppTest.java` class.

Commit message:

Added doc for triggering a crawl

README.md, after:

## Introduction

`browsertrix-api-client` is a Java API client for [Browsertrix Cloud](https://github.com/webrecorder/browsertrix-cloud). The client supports authentication and provides an easy way to access its various services and endpoints.

## Usage

To set up an API connection to Browsertrix Cloud, simply instantiate the client and connect to the server:

```java
BrowsertrixClient client = new BrowsertrixClient(URL, PORT, USERNAME, PASSWORD);
client.connect();
```

In order to use the various features of the Browsertrix API, the client exposes a number of services. For instance, to get a list of archives, simply call:

```java
ArchiveListResponse response = client.getArchiveService().listArchives();
System.out.println(response.toString());
```

This results in:

```yaml
ArchiveListResponse [
Archive [id=b5fef53a-fbf2-40ed-8b5f-3e27e1608ef7, name=John Smith's Archive] 
Archive [id=6a76fd7a-677b-4da9-8bdd-005b79cdc265, name=Jane Doe's Archive] 
]
```

If you already have the IDs, you can make more specific queries. For instance, to get the crawl config with ID `e7849083-cb84-495c-a4dc-e8489cf8fe96` from the archive with ID `b5fef53a-fbf2-40ed-8b5f-3e27e1608ef7`, you simply call:

```java
CrawlConfig response = client.getCrawlService().getCrawlConfigById("b5fef53a-fbf2-40ed-8b5f-3e27e1608ef7", "e7849083-cb84-495c-a4dc-e8489cf8fe96");
System.out.println(response.toString());
```

This results in:

```yaml
CrawlConfig [
id=e7849083-cb84-495c-a4dc-e8489cf8fe96, 
aid=b5fef53a-fbf2-40ed-8b5f-3e27e1608ef7, 
name=MyConfig,
lastCrawlState=complete, 
lastCrawlTime=2022-08-16T06:43:43, ...
]
```

### Triggering a crawl

Starting from version `0.0.4`, the client is able to run crawls directly via API. The syntax is straightforward:

````java
String crawlId = client.getCrawlService().runCrawl(archiveId, crawlConfigId);
System.out.println("Successfully started crawl with ID '" + crawlId + "'");
````

The above command will run a crawl based on the given crawl configuration, inside the given archive.



### Authentication
Once the connection to the server has been established and the user logged in using the given credentials, `browsertrix-api-client` will take care of authenticating each request in a transparent manner (using the authentication token received from the server). If an API session is timed out, the client will automatically re-establish the connection so you can keep on using the same `BrowsertrixClient` as long as you like.

### Filtering
While the Browsertrix Cloud API does not support filtered requests for the moment, `browsertrix-api-client` is able to filter lists returned by the API on the client side. An example is shown below, for filtering all crawls within a given collection that are completed successfully since 30 days ago:

```java
CrawlFilter filter = new CrawlFilter();
filter.setCrawlState(CrawlState.COMPLETE);
filter.setFinishedAfter(Instant.now().getEpochSecond() - 24*60*60*30); // i.e., 30 days ago, in seconds
System.out.println(client.getCrawlService().listCrawlsByArchiveId(id, filter)); 
```

Two types of filters exist:
  * `CrawlFilter`: filters crawls,
  * `CrawlConfigFilter`: filters crawl configurations (templates).


## List of API services

Currently `browsertrix-api-client` supports the following services:
 * `AuthenticationService` : for everything related to authentication, login, and user self identification,
 * `ArchiveService` : requests related to archives (collections of crawls),
 * `BrowserProfileService` : special browser configurations used within the context of crawl configs,
 * `CrawlService` : everything about crawls and crawl configs.
 
## Examples

You can find examples for every supported API call in the `src/test/java/AppTest.java` class.
